feat(changelog): cockpit-added-observability---documentation-- 2023-04-19 (#1555)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2023/2023-04-19-cockpit-added-observability---documentation--.mdx

---
title: Observability - Documentation - Limitations
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-04-19
category: observability
product: cockpit
---

> Our Documentation team just released limitations for our Mimir metrics ingestor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limitations for our Mimir metrics ingestor is now available! 
```

> If you need to have any information about it please follow : https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#limits-for-mimir

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about it, refer to [our Mimir metrics documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#limits-for-mimir).
```

> For more information about it, refer to [our Mimir metrics documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#limits-for-mimir).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [our Mimir metrics documentation](/observability/cockpit/reference-content/cockpit-limitations/#limits-for-mimir) to find out about the limitations for Mimir.
```

> If you need custom limitations, please feel free to reach us with : https://www.scaleway.com/fr/betas/#observability

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you require any custom limitations, feel free to [reach us](https://www.scaleway.com/fr/betas/#observability
)`

> If you require any custom limitations, feel free to [reach us](https://www.scaleway.com/fr/betas/#observability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need custom limitations, feel free to [reach out to us](https://www.scaleway.com/fr/betas/#observability).
```
